Jiu Ge
This person competes to look exactly like the Lord of God
Even I can't tell the difference
Took this file
Or become a god
Or you will die
I figured it out.
I don't want my mother anymore
Because of my incompetence
Received the slightest grievance
This is the information of the Lord God
The above detailed records the habits of the Lord God
Likes and martial arts
You only have three days.
Must be imitated exactly
Otherwise you will die miserably
To imitate someone
Exactly.
I am curious
So many people in the world
Why did you choose me?
Because not only do you look exactly like the Lord God
And there's a good chance you're his choice
They look identical.
There is such a coincidence in the world
In short, you must replace him perfectly
Even if only temporarily
Lord of the Temple
Shock and awe the eight wilderness
Jinghong Shallow Out
Eliminate millions
All those in my temple
Answer my orders
Lord Shen
How is it like?
Can you get the box lunch?
Hey
This
Hateful people who should have healed sooner
But in order to find a substitute for the Lord God
It took so long
Cause too much injury
Who? I need something. Please call in
What are you doing here so late?
I just saw in the file
Say you will obey the Lord God absolutely
And it's close obedience
So how do you want us to obey you?